hello everybody welcome back to my
channel my name is when people come back
to my channel
and today's me I am going to be getting
and getting sorry I thought explicit
package today and I was going to do a
little hole so you against will be
leaving I got these from the lovely
people ie Bay this was she would sheep
the total was bones so what you and if
you guys are wondering what that little
mega photo is going what's that all
about down the corner that is because
I'm filming this mega photo yeah all
these special I know it was all these
cookies super cheap so yeah I'm back so
let's show them yeah I gotta wait for
them to see that either it's a mini
little Cinnabon suddenly do not begin
here a pathogen she's all soft
so that's this one
another one is this goodly little pls
clappa and this I wish it up you guys
so I get takes me a little bit to hit
some facilities I don't have a gym tuple
small but it was cookie
like it's like I'm squishing nothing so
I really sort of feel
yeah this you know doughnut and it's
beautiful there was messaging so
somebody's I'm just gonna have to like
say Holden so here this control right
and I got a lot of pink slip to do so
like if you'll wonder why you see so
much pizza she's when I do this this is
full of pink one
it's really soft and it's women heads of
colors so I did put in the bottom I'm so
confused right now put this under the
nipple this is okay I got this little
icing it's two bullets laughter I'm not
interested in this one which probably
looks familiar
some of these I got a few duplicates but
like I'm totally fine with that because
I'm having this any splitting eye kit so
idyllic background noise i sighs of
background noises noses Sophie if those
background noises I got it because I'm
sitting I'm totally gonna get light in
front of my window just like like one of
my
if one method emojis life then I got
this little for wedge send this one I'm
like it's a depositing so I'll see you
guys when I get either back and if that
is happening um and yeah I did not
squish it it's super soft and squishy it
came like this okay and then this one's
super feel it's this veil head it's like
I'm squishing nothing it's so soft so I
think he's blowing like this so that's
like I love them like I'm a squishy
pulsing you guys know it smells super
good
it's my light sweet and then I got this
to me then I got this little spoon
click thank you guys Swiss like
chocolate filling filling this one I
just felt like squishy kind of hold Mick
pick a texture she chemicals but like a
little bit of sweet
hmm
I have you Tennessee with you in a while
so that's kind of why I then I've got
this face bun I means I probably want to
wear the other eye I took it out of the
packaging and like the iPhone just see
there's no it games it can I don't sleep
cap with you cat mushroom and this Shane
I don't like Billy Loes - it's like
Spencer don't
I don't either business me but these
hard plastic sprinkles kind of annoy me
sometime like sometimes I just have to
like to pick them off but like watching
please you're like light piano include
it some of them are definitely like just
one it's not but and I got this we look
Coomassie there's what you call a little
come at me doughnut in football sighs hi
one of these nice little bunny and you
guys have probably all you squish you
girl without that I'm potty I thinking
like oh this looks like the pony Malo
pig but it's not yeah
then I got this little a little cumin
and I'm laughing so we got this little
bun
so it's a little bit if I don't pick all
these are gonna pack again I actually
did like this nice but I think I like it
like it
this jump ring call me down below this
is that's what it's called a dumpling I
think it'll calm it down below since it
is something I really like then it up
start to seems like all these people so
he's so then I got this New Year's
Cinnabons
tell me that is that like all this it's
just hot in the pan but like you have
like a few weeks and that there's stuff
to get like dork
that's mine this way
I knew steam Moon and I should call it
to the sauce though then I thought this
fish kind of dance then I thought this I
love fish this piece it's like I'm
squishing ale to this officer that's
probably gonna flake easily and then
this is it this what I think it is a
close up of light then I'm going to
laugh at this every time I see it a
happy foot shoot it off then I got this
blue little bit
then I thought this cute little mat
gonna hang little kitty this is I think
it's a beat me
my mom thinks it it's a crab I think
it's a cloud now because like that under
look if you think glad o be food this is
kind of dense but soft at the same time
no the last to be house is this way and
the last one a bit it's three no face no
goodwill no nothing
is it like one of those like homies that
you can make paint
oh it's it second - man I don't know
it's super soft
I'm so sorry guys my phone's just
vibrating and I don't know who that is
I'm social my guys hold on I'm so sorry
about that but that is almost oh she
died guy I am simple thankful for all
these and grateful look what I've done a
big mess to clean up
I will see you guys in the next video
smile everyday bye guys